<?xml version="1.0" encoding="UTF-8"?><!DOCTYPE html PUBLIC "-//W3C//DTD XHTML 1.0 Strict//EN" "http://www.w3.org/TR/xhtml1/DTD/xhtml1-strict.dtd">
<html xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"><head><meta http-equiv="content-type" content="text/html; charset=utf-8" /><title /><meta name="generator" content="StarOffice/OpenOffice.org XSLT (http://xml.openoffice.org/sx2ml)" /><meta name="created" content="2009-02-21T22:10:12" /><meta name="changed" content="2009-04-22T00:07:41" /><base href="." /><style type="text/css">
	@page { size: 8.5inch 11inch; margin-top: 0.7874inch; margin-bottom: 0.7874inch; margin-left: 0.7874inch; margin-right: 0.7874inch }
	table { border-collapse:collapse; border-spacing:0; empty-cells:show }
	td, th { vertical-align:top; }
	h1, h2, h3, h4, h5, h6 { clear:both }
	ol, ul { padding:0; }
	* { margin:0; }
	*.Caption { font-family:'Times New Roman'; font-size:12pt; margin-top:0.0835in; margin-bottom:0.0835in; font-style:italic; }
	*.Contents1 { font-family:'Times New Roman'; font-size:12pt; margin-left:0in; margin-right:0in; text-indent:0inch; }
	*.ContentsHeading { font-family:Arial; font-size:16pt; margin-top:0.1665in; margin-bottom:0.0835in; margin-left:0in; margin-right:0in; text-indent:0inch; font-weight:bold; }
	*.Heading { font-family:Arial; font-size:14pt; margin-top:0.1665in; margin-bottom:0.0835in; }
	*.Heading1 { font-family:Arial; font-size:115%; margin-top:0.1665in; margin-bottom:0.0835in; font-weight:bold; }
	*.Index { font-family:'Times New Roman'; font-size:12pt; }
	*.List { font-family:'Times New Roman'; font-size:12pt; margin-top:0in; margin-bottom:0.0835in; }
	*.P1 { font-family:'Times New Roman'; font-size:12pt; text-align:center ! important; }
	*.P10 { font-family:'Times New Roman'; font-size:12pt; text-align:left ! important; }
	*.P11 { font-family:'Times New Roman'; font-size:12pt; margin-left:0in; margin-right:0in; text-indent:0inch; }
	*.P2 { font-family:'Times New Roman'; font-size:16pt; text-align:center ! important; }
	*.P3 { font-family:'Times New Roman'; font-size:12pt; text-align:left ! important; }
	*.P4 { font-family:'Times New Roman'; font-size:12pt; }
	*.P5 { font-family:'Times New Roman'; font-size:12pt; text-align:left ! important; }
	*.P6 { font-family:'Times New Roman'; font-size:12pt; text-align:left ! important; }
	*.P7 { font-family:'Times New Roman'; font-size:12pt; text-align:left ! important; }
	*.P8 { font-family:'Times New Roman'; font-size:12pt; text-align:left ! important; }
	*.P9 { font-family:'Times New Roman'; font-size:12pt; text-align:left ! important; }
	*.Standard { font-family:'Times New Roman'; font-size:12pt; }
	*.Textbody { font-family:'Times New Roman'; font-size:12pt; margin-top:0in; margin-bottom:0.0835in; }
	*.Sect1 { }
	*.BulletSymbols { font-family:StarSymbol; font-size:9pt; }
	*.Internetlink { color:#000080; text-decoration:underline; }
	*.NumberingSymbols { }
	*.T1 { font-weight:bold; text-decoration:underline; }
	*.T2 { color:#000000; font-family:'Lucida Grande'; font-size:9pt; font-style:normal; font-weight:normal; }
	*.VisitedInternetLink { color:#800000; text-decoration:underline; }
	</style></head><body dir="ltr"><p class="P2"> </p><p class="P2">GSword </p><p class="P1">Online Bible Studio </p><p class="P1"> </p><p class="ContentsHeading">Table of Contents </p><table border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" class="P11"><colgroup><col style="width: 6.9252in" /></colgroup><tr><td>Introduction</td></tr></table><table border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" class="P11"><colgroup><col style="width: 6.9252in" /></colgroup><tr><td>One Year Bible</td></tr></table><table border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" class="P11"><colgroup><col style="width: 6.9252in" /></colgroup><tr><td>Bible Search</td></tr></table><table border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" class="P11"><colgroup><col style="width: 6.9252in" /></colgroup><tr><td>Dictionary Search</td></tr></table><table border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" class="P11"><colgroup><col style="width: 6.9252in" /></colgroup><tr><td>Parallel Bibles</td></tr></table><table border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" class="P11"><colgroup><col style="width: 6.9252in" /></colgroup><tr><td>Commentaries</td></tr></table><table border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" class="P11"><colgroup><col style="width: 6.9252in" /></colgroup><tr><td>Display Verses</td></tr></table><table border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" class="P11"><colgroup><col style="width: 6.9252in" /></colgroup><tr><td>Daily Bread</td></tr></table><table border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" class="P11"><colgroup><col style="width: 6.9252in" /></colgroup><tr><td>Other Options</td></tr></table><table border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" class="P11"><colgroup><col style="width: 6.9252in" /></colgroup><tr><td>Power Point</td></tr></table><table border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" class="P11"><colgroup><col style="width: 6.9252in" /></colgroup><tr><td>Language Switch</td></tr></table><table border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" class="P11"><colgroup><col style="width: 6.9252in" /></colgroup><tr><td>Browser Supporting</td></tr></table><table border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" class="P11"><colgroup><col style="width: 6.9252in" /></colgroup><tr><td>RSS Feed</td></tr></table><table border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" class="P11"><colgroup><col style="width: 6.9252in" /></colgroup><tr><td>Followup</td></tr></table><table border="0" cellspacing="0" cellpadding="0" class="P11"><colgroup><col style="width: 6.9252in" /></colgroup><tr><td>Appendix</td></tr></table><p class="Standard"> </p><h1 class="Heading1"><a name="Introduction" />Introduction</h1><p class="Standard"> </p><p class="Standard">GSword online Bible studio brings the power of JSword (<a href="http://www.crosswire.org/jsword">http://www.crosswire.org/jsword</a>) into web so that user can enjoy Bible study with the same tools as JSword without installing JSword. The backend engine of the GSword is JSword. And the web function was implemented using Groovy and Grails technologies.</p><p class="Standard"> </p><p class="Standard">This document explains how to use GSword. </p><p class="Standard"> </p><p class="Standard">The GSword contains the following functions: </p><p class="Standard"> </p><ul style="margin-left:1.25cm;"><li class="P4" style="margin-left:0cm;"><p class="P4" style="margin-left:0.25cm;">One Year Bible </p></li><li class="P4" style="margin-left:0cm;"><p class="P4" style="margin-left:0.25cm;">Search Bible/Advanced Search </p></li><li class="P4" style="margin-left:0cm;"><p class="P4" style="margin-left:0.25cm;">Search Dictionary </p></li><li class="P4" style="margin-left:0cm;"><p class="P4" style="margin-left:0.25cm;">Parallel Bibles </p></li><li class="P4" style="margin-left:0cm;"><p class="P4" style="margin-left:0.25cm;">Commentary </p></li><li class="P4" style="margin-left:0cm;"><p class="P4" style="margin-left:0.25cm;">Display verses </p></li><li class="P4" style="margin-left:0cm;"><p class="P4" style="margin-left:0.25cm;">Daily Bread </p></li><li class="P4" style="margin-left:0cm;"><p class="P4" style="margin-left:0.25cm;">Other options </p></li><li class="P4" style="margin-left:0cm;"><p class="P4" style="margin-left:0.25cm;">Power Point </p></li><li class="P4" style="margin-left:0cm;"><p class="P4" style="margin-left:0.25cm;">Language Switch </p></li></ul><p class="Standard"> </p><p class="Standard">I created a video demonstration if it helps. </p><p class="Standard"> </p><p class="Standard"><a href="http://rock.ccim.org/gsword/biblehelp.wmv">http://rock.ccim.org/gsword/biblehelp.wmv</a></p><p class="Standard"> </p><p class="Standard"> </p><p class="Standard">In the following sections I will explain them one by one. </p><p class="Standard"> </p><h1 class="Heading1"><a name="One_Year_Bible" />One Year Bible</h1><p class="P1"> </p><p class="P3">The word of God is precious. You will appreciate it even more when you actually read it. How about read the whole Bible? Good idea. But it is a huge task for many folks. With a little help, you can read through the Bible in one year easily. The GSword home page displays the Chinese version Bible for the day automatically. So if you visit the site once a day and read the home page, then you will finish the whole Bible in one year.  You can read other Bible translations by selecting from the drop down list.</p><p class="P3">The other way is to sign up the One year through Bible reading email program </p><p class="P3"><a href="http://bible.ccim.org/email/bibleemaillist_zh.htm">http://bible.ccim.org/email/bibleemaillist_zh.htm</a></p><p class="P3"><a href="http://groups.google.com/group/one-year-through-bible-nb5/web/one-year-through-bible"><span class="T2">http://groups.google.com/group/one-year-through-bible-nb5/web/one-year-through-bible</span></a></p><p class="P3"> </p><h1 class="Heading1"><a name="Bible_Search" />Bible Search</h1><p class="P1"> </p><p class="P3">Bible Search let you search the usage of key word in the Bible. To do word search </p><ol style="margin-left:1.25cm;list-style-type:decimal; "><li class="P6" style="margin-left:0cm;"><p class="P6" style="margin-left:0.25cm;">Input your key word into the box of <span class="T1">Search Word(s)</span>:</p></li><li class="P6" style="margin-left:0cm;"><p class="P6" style="margin-left:0.25cm;">Select the Bible translation to search from the <span class="T1">Search Bible</span> drop down list</p></li><li class="P6" style="margin-left:0cm;"><p class="P6" style="margin-left:0.25cm;">click the <span class="T1">Lookup</span> button on the right of the <span class="T1">Search Bible</span> drop down list.</p></li></ol><p class="P3"> </p><p class="P3">Then the <span class="T1">Total</span> box display the total number of matches and the content area display the first 10 matches. The next 10 or previous ten will be displayed when you click the button <span class="T1">&lt;&lt;</span> or <span class="T1">&gt;&gt;</span> .</p><p class="P3"> </p><p class="P3">More powerful search is available when you click the <span class="T1">Advanced Search</span> to bring up the Advanced Search menu. On the <span class="T1">Advanced Search</span> page, you can do more focused search by providing for detailed search criteria and narrow down/customize search range. After you provide your search criteria, click the <span class="T1">Search</span> button will bring you back to the main menu with your search criteria in the <span class="T1">Search Word(s)</span> box. Then you can select from <span class="T1">Search Bible</span> drop down list your Bible translation and click the <span class="T1">Lookup</span> button on the right of the <span class="T1">Search Bible</span> drop down list.</p><p class="P3"> </p><h1 class="Heading1"><a name="Dictionary_Search" />Dictionary Search</h1><p class="P3"> </p><p class="P3">This is how you do dictionary search: </p><p class="P3"> </p><ol style="margin-left:1.25cm;list-style-type:decimal; "><li class="P7" style="margin-left:0cm;"><p class="P7" style="margin-left:0.25cm;">Input your key word into the box of <span class="T1">Search Word(s)</span>:</p></li><li class="P7" style="margin-left:0cm;"><p class="P7" style="margin-left:0.25cm;">Select the dictionary from the <span class="T1">Lookup Dictionary</span> drop down list</p></li></ol><p class="P3"> </p><h1 class="Heading1"><a name="Parallel_Bibles" />Parallel Bibles</h1><p class="P1"> </p><p class="P3">Parallel Bibles let you read/study different Bible translations in parallel. To enable this function, you just need to pick up a translation from the <span class="T1">Parallel Bibles</span> drop down list and then click the <span class="T1">+</span> button.</p><p class="P3">You can also remove the parallel Bibles by pick up a translation from the <span class="T1">Parallel Bibles</span> drop down list and then click the <span class="T1">–</span> button.</p><p class="P3"> </p><h1 class="Heading1"><a name="Commentaries" />Commentaries</h1><p class="P1"> </p><p class="P3">To use commentary, you just need to pick up a commentary from the <span class="T1">Commentaries</span> drop down list and click the <span class="T1">+</span> button on the right. You can also remove the commentaries by  pick up a commentary from the <span class="T1">Commentaries</span> drop down list and click the <span class="T1">-</span> button on the right.</p><p class="P3"> </p><h1 class="Heading1"><a name="Display_Verses" />Display Verses</h1><p class="P1"> </p><p class="P3">To read particular verses, you need to put the verses into the <span class="T1">Verses </span>box and click the <span class="T1">Lookup</span> button on the right. You can also choose a book from the <span class="T1">Choose Book </span>drop down list, then select a chapter from <span class="T1">Choose Chapter</span> drop down list. </p><p class="P3"> </p><p class="P3">Please be aware that, if the book has no chapter, the tool treat the whole book as 1 chapter. For example Jude was treated as one chapter. So when you put  “Jude 1” in to <span class="T1">Verses</span> box and click the L<span class="T1">ookup</span> button, it only display the verse 1. To read the whole Jude, you need to put “Jude” in the <span class="T1">Verses</span> box and click <span class="T1">Lookup</span>.</p><h1 class="Heading1"><a name="Daily_Bread" />Daily Bread</h1><p class="P3">Daily Bread display the daily devotion reading material which cycle each year. Just pick the devotion book and it will be displayed. </p><h1 class="Heading1"><a name="Other_Options" />Other Options</h1><p class="P1"> </p><p class="P3">The tool has some other options. </p><ol style="margin-left:1.25cm;list-style-type:decimal; "><li class="P8" style="margin-left:0cm;"><p class="P8" style="margin-left:0.25cm;">Strongs number. Some translations has Strongs number. When you use the translations with Strongs number, you can use the Strongs number to look up the interpretation of the word in the original Bible language-Hebrew or Greek. To see Strongs, you just click the button “<span class="T1">Show Strongs</span>”</p></li><li class="P8" style="margin-left:0cm;"><p class="P8" style="margin-left:0.25cm;">One verse per line. The Bible can be displayed either one verse a line or multiple verses per line. Click “Show One verse per line” button will flip between the two options. </p></li><li class="P8" style="margin-left:0cm;"><p class="P8" style="margin-left:0.25cm;">Morphology. To use Morphology, you just need to click the “<span class="T1">Show Morphology</span>” button.</p></li></ol><p class="P3"> </p><h1 class="Heading1"><a name="Power_Point" />Power Point</h1><p class="P3"> </p><p class="P3">Power Point function generate a Power Point from the current select Bible text. You can use it for presentation right away. After click the PowerPoint button, if you do not receive PowerPoint file in a popup window in your browser. The most likely reason is your browser blocked Popup function. Please enable it.</p><p class="P3"> </p><h1 class="Heading1"><a name="Language_Switch" />Language Switch</h1><p class="P3"> </p><p class="P3">The tool can display both English and Chinese interface. You can click the “Chinese” or “English” button to switch language between Chinese and English. </p><h1 class="Heading1"><a name="Browser_Supporting" />Browser Supporting</h1><p class="P3">GSword should be able to run on any of the popular browsers like: </p><p class="P3"> </p><ul style="margin-left:1.25cm;"><li class="P9" style="margin-left:0cm;"><p class="P9" style="margin-left:0.25cm;">Internet Explorer </p></li><li class="P9" style="margin-left:0cm;"><p class="P9" style="margin-left:0.25cm;">Firefox </p></li><li class="P9" style="margin-left:0cm;"><p class="P9" style="margin-left:0.25cm;">Safari </p></li><li class="P9" style="margin-left:0cm;"><p class="P9" style="margin-left:0.25cm;">chrome </p></li><li class="P9" style="margin-left:0cm;"><p class="P9" style="margin-left:0.25cm;">... </p></li></ul><p class="P3"> </p><p class="P3">GSword not only works on browsers on Windows, Unix, Mac...etc, it even works on iPhone. So you should be able to access GSword from any where. </p><p class="P3"> </p><p class="P3">GSword uses Javascript/Ajax extensively. If you run into problems, please first make sure Javascript is allowed to run on your browser.  </p><p class="P3"> </p><p class="P3">The PowerPoint function need PopUp support. If you do not receive a PopUp window for PowerPoint document download after you click the “PowerPoint” button,  Please make sure PopUp is allowed on your browser.</p><p class="P3"> </p><h1 class="Heading1"><a name="RSS_Feed" />RSS Feed</h1><p class="P10"> </p><p class="P10">GSWord has RSS Feed for the daily reading material(One year Bible and daily devotions), you can subscribe to it on your feed reader such as Google. If you open <a href="http://rock.ccim.org/gsword/gbook/feed">http://rock.ccim.org/gsword/gbook/feed</a></p><p class="P10">, you will see the button to subscribe. </p><h1 class="Heading1"><a name="Followup" />Followup</h1><p class="Textbody">Besides announcements on ccim.org and forum.guodu.org, GSWord has two homes on social networks: facebook and twitter. Please follow them for any questions/announcements/updates. </p><p class="Textbody">http://www.facebook.com/home.php#/profile.php?id=1714831533&amp;ref=nf<br />http://twitter.com/gsword </p><h1 class="Heading1"><a name="Appendix" />Appendix</h1><p class="P3"> </p><p class="P3">ChiUn: Union Bible in Traditional Chinese (Ho-Ho) </p><p class="P3">ChiUns:  Union Bible in Simplified Chinese (Ho-Ho)</p><p class="P3">KJV: King James Version </p><p class="P3">LZZS: Lu Zhen Zhong translation in Simplified Chinese</p><p class="P3">LZZT:  Lu Zhen Zhong translation in traditional Chinese</p><p class="P3">ChiNCVs: New Chinese Version in Simplified Chinese </p><p class="P3">ChiNCVt: New Chinese Version in Traditional Chinese </p><p class="P3">CharlesHZhao:  Rev Charles H Zhao Chinese Theological Terms</p><p class="P3">Easton: Easton Dictionary </p><p class="P3">HitchCock: HitchCock Dictionary </p><p class="P3">ISBE: International Standard Bible Encyclopedia </p><p class="P3">KJVD: King James Version Dictionary </p><p class="P3">Nave: Nave Dictionary </p><p class="P3">Packard: Packard Dictionary </p><p class="P3">Torrey: Torrey Dictionary </p><p class="P3">Robinson: Robinson Dictionary </p><p class="P3">SAOA: SAOA Dictionary </p><p class="P3">Smith: Smith Dictionary </p><p class="P3">StrongsGreek: Strongs Greek Number </p><p class="P3">StrongsHebrew: Strongs Hebrew Number </p><p class="P3">JFB: James, Faucet, Brown Commentaries </p><p class="P3">TSK: Treasure Scripture  </p><p class="P3">RWP: RWP </p><p class="P3">Clarke: Clarke Bible Commentaries </p><p class="P3">MHCC: Mathew Henry Concise Commentaries </p></body></html>